README.md, before:

# VNet-manager
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Erik-Lamers1/vnet-manager.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Erik-Lamers1/vnet-manager)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Erik-Lamers1/vnet-manager/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Erik-Lamers1/vnet-manager)
[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

VNet-manager a virtual network manager - manages containers to create virtual networks.

## What is it?
VNet-manager allows you to create quick virtual network setups using LXC containers.
VNet-manager will create and manage the containers you need to create a virtual network.
This is done in combination with [FRRouting](https://frrouting.org/).  
Because VNet-manager makes heavy use of LXC, the current supported operating systems are Ubuntu Bionic (18.04) and Focal Fossa (20.04).
## Setup
```bash
# These commands must be run as the root user
apt-get update
apt-get install gcc python3-dev python3-apt python3-pip git lxd lxc bridge-utils tcpdump net-tools curl
# LXD defaults are fine
echo -e "\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n" | lxd init
cd ~
git clone https://github.com/Erik-Lamers1/vnet-manager.git
cd vnet-manager
python3 setup.py install
# The following is only needed on Xenial
apt-get install btrfs-tools
# Now you are able to use
vnet-manager --help
```

#### Quick start
```bash
cd ~/vnet-manager
vnet-manager create config/example.yaml
vnet-manager start config/example.yaml
lxc exec host1 -- ping -c 2 router1
```
## How to use it
In order to run VNet-manager you need to create a config file for the program to works with. In this config file you can create your network topology.
When this config file is created it should always be passed to VNet-manager as an argument. This ensures that the program itself does not have to store any state.
See the [README](config/README.md) for a more detailed explanation on how to create a config file. There are also some [example config files](config)

### Advanced usage
There are a couple of things that can be tweaked when using VNet-manager. This can be done using specific environment variables.
```yaml
VNET_SNIFFER_PCAP_DIR    - Sets the directory where the sniffer PCAP files will be created
VNET_LXC_BASE_IMAGE      - Sets the alias for the LXC base image, only set when using a custom base image
VNET_FORCE               - Internal env var, used with --yes. Do not set manually
```
### Rebuilding the Base Container
Sometimes you will have to rebuild the base container, for instance if you want to install additional packages. To do this you will first have to destroy the base container and then when creating the new setup the base container will be automagically recreated. This might take a bit longer for that reason.
```
$ vnet-manager destroy -b /path/to/your/config.yaml
$ vnet-manager create /path/to/your/config.yaml
```
### Installing Additional Packages
The provider specific packages list can be found in the settings under [`PROVIDERS`](vnet_manager/settings/base.py). 
Here you can specify which packages the host should have and which to install on the base container.

## Development
Opening pull requests for new features and bug fixes is highly appreciated!  
Before you do make sure you set up your development environment.
```bash
apt-get install -y tox virtualenvwrapper libapt-pkg-dev intltool
# Depending on your console setup, you might have to logout and in again to make sure virtualenvwrapper is loaded
# cd to your development directory
cd ~/vnet-manager
mkvirtualenv -p /usr/bin/python3.6 -a $(pwd) vnet-manager
pip install -U pip
pip install -r requirements/development.txt
pre-commit install
```
### Running the tests
Simply run `tox` in the vnet-manager directory.

Commit message:

Update README after pypi upload
People can now install using pip, instead of using setup.py directly.

README.md, after:

# VNet-manager
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Erik-Lamers1/vnet-manager.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Erik-Lamers1/vnet-manager)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Erik-Lamers1/vnet-manager/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Erik-Lamers1/vnet-manager)
[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

VNet-manager a virtual network manager - manages containers to create virtual networks.

## What is it?
VNet-manager allows you to create quick virtual network setups using LXC containers.
VNet-manager will create and manage the containers you need to create a virtual network.
This is done in combination with [FRRouting](https://frrouting.org/).  
Because VNet-manager makes heavy use of LXC, the current supported operating systems are Ubuntu Bionic (18.04) and Focal Fossa (20.04).
## Setup
```bash
# These commands must be run as the root user
apt-get update
apt-get install gcc python3-dev python3-apt python3-pip git lxd lxc bridge-utils tcpdump net-tools curl
# LXD defaults are fine
echo -e "\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n" | lxd init
pip3 install vnet-manager
# The following is only needed on Xenial
apt-get install btrfs-tools
# Now you are able to use
vnet-manager --help
```

#### Quick start
Use one of the [example](config) configs to see if your environment is working correctly.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Erik-Lamers1/vnet-manager.git ~/vnet-manager
cd ~/vnet-manager
vnet-manager create config/example.yaml
vnet-manager start config/example.yaml
lxc exec host1 -- ping -c 2 router1
```
## How to use it
In order to run VNet-manager you need to create a config file for the program to works with. In this config file you can create your network topology.
When this config file is created it should always be passed to VNet-manager as an argument. This ensures that the program itself does not have to store any state.
See the [README](config/README.md) for a more detailed explanation on how to create a config file. There are also some [example config files](config)

### Advanced usage
There are a couple of things that can be tweaked when using VNet-manager. This can be done using specific environment variables.
```yaml
VNET_SNIFFER_PCAP_DIR    - Sets the directory where the sniffer PCAP files will be created
VNET_LXC_BASE_IMAGE      - Sets the alias for the LXC base image, only set when using a custom base image
VNET_FORCE               - Internal env var, used with --yes. Do not set manually
```
### Rebuilding the Base Container
Sometimes you will have to rebuild the base container, for instance if you want to install additional packages. To do this you will first have to destroy the base container and then when creating the new setup the base container will be automagically recreated. This might take a bit longer for that reason.
```
$ vnet-manager destroy -b /path/to/your/config.yaml
$ vnet-manager create /path/to/your/config.yaml
```
### Installing Additional Packages
The provider specific packages list can be found in the settings under [`PROVIDERS`](vnet_manager/settings/base.py). 
Here you can specify which packages the host should have and which to install on the base container.

## Development
Opening pull requests for new features and bug fixes is highly appreciated!  
Before you do make sure you set up your development environment.
```bash
apt-get install -y tox virtualenvwrapper libapt-pkg-dev intltool
# Depending on your console setup, you might have to logout and in again to make sure virtualenvwrapper is loaded
# cd to your development directory
cd ~/vnet-manager
mkvirtualenv -p /usr/bin/python3.6 -a $(pwd) vnet-manager
pip install -U pip
pip install -r requirements/development.txt
pre-commit install
```
### Running the tests
Simply run `tox` in the vnet-manager directory.
